feat: wallet connecting and disconnecting (#546)
Uniswap/docs: docs/sdk/web3-react/guides/01-connect-wallet.md

---
id: connect-wallet
title: Connecting to Wallets
---     

## Introduction

This guide will cover how to connect wallets with `web3-react`. It is based on the [web3-react example](https://github.com/Uniswap/examples/tree/main/web3-react) found in the Uniswap code examples [repository](https://github.com/Uniswap/examples). To run this example, check out the examples's [README](https://github.com/Uniswap/examples/blob/main/web3-react/README.md) and follow the setup instructions.

> In this example we will walk through setting up `web3-react` and connecting the most popular browser-injected connector, *MetaMask*, using [@web3-react/metamask](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@web3-react/metamask).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this example we will walk through setting up `web3-react` and connecting the most popular browser-injected connector, [MetaMask](https://metamask.io/), using [@web3-react/metamask](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@web3-react/metamask).
```

The input parameters to this guide are the chains that we want our app to be able to connect to and their RPC URLs.

The guide will **cover**:

1. Creating a `web3-react` `Web3ReactProvider`
2. Building a `web3-react` `InjectedConnector`
3. Connecting and disconnecting the application to the connector

At the end of the guide, we should be able to connect and disconnect your dApp to a MetaMask connector.

For this guide, the following `web3-react` packages are used:

- [`core`](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@web3-react/core)
- [`types`](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@web3-react/types)
- [`metamask`](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@web3-react/metamask)

These will be automatically installed by following the example's [README](https://github.com/Uniswap/examples/blob/main/web3-react/README.md).

> The core code of this guide can be found in [Web3ContextProvider](https://github.com/Uniswap/examples/blob/main/web3-react/src/libs/components/Web3ContextProvider.tsx) and [Injected Connector](https://github.com/Uniswap/examples/blob/main/web3-react/src/libs/injected.ts).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The core code of this guide can be found in [`Web3ContextProvider`](https://github.com/Uniswap/examples/blob/main/web3-react/src/libs/components/Web3ContextProvider.tsx) and [`InjectedConnector`](https://github.com/Uniswap/examples/blob/main/web3-react/src/libs/injected.ts).
```

## Creating a `Web3ReactProvider`

> To be able to interact with the methods that `web3-react` offers, we first need to setup a `Web3ReactProvider` and wrap our application in it. `web3-react` uses a [React Context](https://reactjs.org/docs/context.html) to allow us to use the exposed hooks without additional configuration. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To be able to interact with the methods that `web3-react` offers, we first need to setup a `Web3ReactProvider` and wrap our application in it. `web3-react` uses a [React `Context`](https://reactjs.org/docs/context.html) to allow us to use the exposed hooks without additional configuration. 
```

To start, we create a React component called `Web3ContextProvider` in order to wrap the logic of configuring the `Web3ReactProvider`. In this component, we first import  `Web3ReactProvider` from [@web3-react/core](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@web3-react/core).

> The component receives just one prop which is the children to which it will be providing the React Context:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The component receives just one prop which is the `children` to which it will be providing the `Context`:
```

```typescript reference title="Defining the Web3React component" referenceLinkText="View on Github" customStyling
https://github.com/Uniswap/examples/blob/81ec93e97b0afded621e177fe5f34fc9f98f80b0/web3-react/src/libs/components/Web3ContextProvider.tsx#L24
```

> We then implement the component by rendering the imported `Web3ReactProvider`, and the children within that:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We then implement the component by rendering the imported `Web3ReactProvider` with the `children`:
```

```typescript reference title="Implementing the component" referenceLinkText="View on Github" customStyling
https://github.com/Uniswap/examples/blob/81ec93e97b0afded621e177fe5f34fc9f98f80b0/web3-react/src/libs/components/Web3ContextProvider.tsx#L30-L34
```

> Note that we map our list of [`Connections`](https://github.com/Uniswap/examples/blob/856dbb002e7f38120554ef226f4309c96ce6ea79/web3-react/src/libs/connections.ts#L10) to a *tuple* of the `connector` and `hooks` of the connection. The third member of a `Connection` refers to the [type](https://github.com/Uniswap/examples/blob/06980acc8f6d484b719d2c60f5bfe9d766cb95d6/web3-react/src/libs/connections.ts#L16) of `Connection` being established, which we will later use to keep track of the actively connected wallet.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that we map our list of [`Connections`](https://github.com/Uniswap/examples/blob/856dbb002e7f38120554ef226f4309c96ce6ea79/web3-react/src/libs/connections.ts#L10) to a *tuple* of the `connector` and `hooks` of the connection. The third element of a `Connection` refers to the [type](https://github.com/Uniswap/examples/blob/06980acc8f6d484b719d2c60f5bfe9d766cb95d6/web3-react/src/libs/connections.ts#L16) of `Connection` being established, which we will later use to keep track of the actively connected wallet.
```

Finally, having created the `Web3ContextProvider` component, we can navigate to our [index file](https://github.com/Uniswap/examples/blob/feat/web3-react/web3-react/src/index.tsx) and wrap the whole application with it:

```typescript reference title="Wrapping our app with the web3 context" referenceLinkText="View on Github" customStyling
https://github.com/Uniswap/examples/blob/7ac3853bc465aecc428a32be584bbeb833b0a63c/web3-react/src/index.tsx#L16-L22
```

## Building an Injected Connector

The only parameter that we provided to the `Web3ReactProvider` component is a list of prioritized connectors, declared as `PRIORITIZED_CONNECTORS`. The prioritization ordering is with regards to which connector we want to be active when more than one connector is connected to our application. The list is defined inside our connectors module: 

```typescript reference title="Creating the prioritized Connectors list" referenceLinkText="View on Github" customStyling
https://github.com/Uniswap/examples/blob/8c0e36ca8d2ba4718af944094191f39da62a9c5c/web3-react/src/libs/connections.ts#L33-L39
```

> Each one of those connectors lives within its own file, and they all follow a very similar setup pattern. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Each one of those connectors lives within its own file, and they all follow a similar setup pattern. 
```

An example of a connector in the list is the `InjectedConnector`, which supports wallets that inject an *Ethereum Provider* into the browser window. The most popular example of an injected connector is the *MetaMask* browser extension. To set it up, we import `initializeConnector` function from [core]((https://www.npmjs.com/package/@web3-react/core)) and the `MetaMask` type from [metamask]((https://www.npmjs.com/package/@web3-react/core)):

```typescript reference title="Importing Connector dependencies" referenceLinkText="View on Github" customStyling
https://github.com/Uniswap/examples/blob/856dbb002e7f38120554ef226f4309c96ce6ea79/web3-react/src/libs/injected.ts#L1-L2
```

> We then utilize the templated `initializeConnector` function with a type of `MetaMask`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We then utilize the templated `initializeConnector` function with `MetaMask` as the  type argument:
```

```typescript reference title="Initializing the MetaMask connector" referenceLinkText="View on Github" customStyling
https://github.com/Uniswap/examples/blob/81ec93e97b0afded621e177fe5f34fc9f98f80b0/web3-react/src/libs/injected.ts#L7-L9
```

> By passing in `MetaMask` as the templated parameter, we define the function's required input parameters. In this case, the only parameter we need to pass is an instance of `Metamask`, which receives the `actions` and `onError` parameters. The first parameter defines the actions that `web3-react` on its local store for the connector (this usually can be passed through without modification), while tsecond parameter is a callback invoked when an error occurs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By passing in `MetaMask` as the type argument, we define the function's required input parameters. In this case, the only parameter we need to pass is an instance of `Metamask`, which receives the `actions` and `onError` parameters. The first parameter defines the actions that `web3-react` performs on its local store for the connector (this usually can be passed through without modification), while the second parameter is the callback invoked when an error occurs.
```

> The return type of the function is a tuple of the initialized `Connector` and the `Hooks` that we can use on it. Using this tuple, we create an instance of a [`Connection`](https://github.com/Uniswap/examples/blob/856dbb002e7f38120554ef226f4309c96ce6ea79/web3-react/src/libs/connections.ts#L10) type, by setting the `type` attribute to `INJECTED`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The return type of the function is a tuple of the initialized `Connector` and the `Hooks` that we can use on it. Using this tuple, we create an instance of a [`Connection`](https://github.com/Uniswap/examples/blob/856dbb002e7f38120554ef226f4309c96ce6ea79/web3-react/src/libs/connections.ts#L10) type, by setting the `type` property to `INJECTED`:
```

```typescript reference title="Creating a connection instance" referenceLinkText="View on Github" customStyling
https://github.com/Uniswap/examples/blob/856dbb002e7f38120554ef226f4309c96ce6ea79/web3-react/src/libs/injected.ts#L16-L20
```

Finally, we return the instance of `Connection` we created, which is added to the list of prioritized connectors. 

:::info
For help on creating the rest of the supported connectors of this examples, please visit our [connectors](./connectors.md) page!
:::

## Connecting and  disconnecting the application to the connector

> Having built our Injected Connector, we can now use it in the Context that allows our application to use that Connector:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Having built our `InjectedConnector`, we can now use it in the `Context` that allows our application to use that connector:
```

```typescript reference title="Creating the Option component" referenceLinkText="View on Github" customStyling
https://github.com/Uniswap/examples/blob/81ec93e97b0afded621e177fe5f34fc9f98f80b0/web3-react/src/libs/components/Option.tsx#L5-L11
```

The component receives 5 parameters:
- `isEnabled` determines whether the connector is eligible to be activated
- `isConnected` determines whether the connector is currently active 
- `connectionType` determines the `ConnectionType`
- `onActivate` is called once the component has established a connection 
- `onDeactivate` is called once the component has disconnected

> In the case of *MetaMask*, when declaring the `InjectedConnector` we pass the connector specific arguments:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the case of *MetaMask*, when declaring the `InjectedConnector` we pass the connector-specific arguments:
```

```typescript reference title="Creating an injected connector" referenceLinkText="View on Github" customStyling
https://github.com/Uniswap/examples/blob/81ec93e97b0afded621e177fe5f34fc9f98f80b0/web3-react/src/libs/components/ConnectionOptions.tsx#L26-L32
```

Then, in the `html` portion of the `Option`, we can figure out whether we want the current `Option`'s action button to be disabled, and whether clicking the button would result in the connector being connected or disconnected:

```typescript reference title="The component user interface" referenceLinkText="View on Github" customStyling
https://github.com/Uniswap/examples/blob/81ec93e97b0afded621e177fe5f34fc9f98f80b0/web3-react/src/libs/components/Option.tsx#L38-L42
```

Finally, we also have enough information to figure out what action to take when the button is clicked. In the case that the click triggers a connection:

```typescript reference title="On connecting to a Connector" referenceLinkText="View on Github" customStyling
https://github.com/Uniswap/examples/blob/8c0e36ca8d2ba4718af944094191f39da62a9c5c/web3-react/src/libs/components/Option.tsx#L38-L42
```

> To connect our wallet, all we need to do is to call the `tryActivateConnector` function and pass it the injected connector. We then call the `onActivate` callback, which makes the injected connector the active connector in our application's state.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To connect our wallet, all we need to do is to call `tryActivateConnector` and pass it the `InjectedConnector`. We then call `onActivate`, which makes the `InjectedConnector` the active connector in our application's state.
```

> `tryActivateConnector` receives the connector that we want to activate, and attempts to call `activate` on it. If this succeeds, it returns the new `ConnectionType`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`tryActivateConnector` takes as its argument the connector that we want to activate, and attempts to call `activate` on it. If this activation succeeds, it returns the new `ConnectionType`:
```

```typescript reference title="The implementation of tryActivateConnector" referenceLinkText="View on Github" customStyling
https://github.com/Uniswap/examples/blob/8c0e36ca8d2ba4718af944094191f39da62a9c5c/web3-react/src/libs/connections.ts#L90-L92
```

> In the case that a click triggers a disconnection:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the case that the click triggers a disconnection:
```

```typescript reference title="On disconnecting from a Connector" referenceLinkText="View on Github" customStyling
https://github.com/Uniswap/examples/blob/8c0e36ca8d2ba4718af944094191f39da62a9c5c/web3-react/src/libs/components/Option.tsx#L29-L36
```

> To disconnect, all we need to do is to call the `tryDeactivateConnector` and pass in it the injected connector we created before. We then call the `onDeactivate` callback, which removes the injected connector as the currently active connector from our application's state.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To disconnect, all we need to do is to call `tryDeactivateConnector` and pass in it the `InjectedConnector` we created before. We then call `onDeactivate`, which removes the `InjectedConnector` as the currently active connector from our application's state.
```

> `tryDeactivateConnector` receives the connector that we want to deactivate, and attempts to call `deactivate` on it. If this succeeds, it resets the connector's state by calling `resetState` and returns `null`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`tryDeactivateConnector` takes as its argument the connector that we want to deactivate, and attempts to call `deactivate` on it. If this deactivation succeeds, it resets the connector's state by calling `resetState` and returns `null`:
```

```typescript reference title="The implementation of tryDeactivateConnector" referenceLinkText="View on Github" customStyling
https://github.com/Uniswap/examples/blob/81ec93e97b0afded621e177fe5f34fc9f98f80b0/web3-react/src/libs/connections.ts#L98-L100
```

## Next Steps

> Now that you're familiar with connecting and disconnecting from an `InjectedConnector`, consider checking out our next guides on connecting and disconnecting from all the different types of connectors that web3-react supports.

Reviewer: Should these be linked?

---
id: connect-wallet
title: Connecting to Wallets
---     

## Introduction

> This guide will cover how to connect wallets with `web3-react`. It is based on the [web3-react example](https://github.com/Uniswap/examples/tree/main/web3-react), found in the Uniswap code examples [repository](https://github.com/Uniswap/examples). To run this example, check out the examples's [README](https://github.com/Uniswap/examples/blob/main/web3-react/README.md) and follow the setup instructions.

Reviewer: no comma before "found"

> In this example we will walk through setting up `web3-react` and connecting the most popular browser injected connector, *MetaMask*, using the web3-react [MetaMask package](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@web3-react/metamask).

Reviewer: "browser-injected"

Reviewer: technically it is the `@web3-react/metamask` package

Author: Isn't that the package in the link?

> The input parameters to this guide are the chains that we want our app to be able to connect to and their RPC URLs.

Reviewer: "to this guide"? I think this phrasing is unclear, and the sentence could probably be omitted.

Author: This is part of our principles and can be found in all new guides: https://github.com/Uniswap/docs/blob/main/README.md#adding-documentation

Reviewer: I find it confusing because they're not quite inputs. What about just saying you'll "need" them?

```suggestion
###Inputs

For this guide, you'll need the chains that we want our app to be able to connect to and their RPC URLs.
```

> The guide will **cover**:

Reviewer: This guide

Reviewer: **cover** does not need emphasis.

Author: Also part of the pattern we have for new guides

> 1. Creating a `Web3ReactProvider`

Reviewer: I think this should be briefly defined here, where it is first introduced:

    1. Creating a web3-react React `Context.Provider`, which we'll call `Web3ReactProvider`

Reviewer: Also, isn't this called `Web3ContextProvider`? `Web3ReactProvider` is the component exported by `@web3-react`.

Author: I feel like I explain the topic right after the title! In terms of choice, I picked the type defined by the library instead of the one in the example intentionally.

> 2. Building an `InjectedConnector`

Reviewer: Should this be done before setting up the `Provider`?

Author: It depends how you tell the story - I chose a top-down approach where I first built the provider and then build the connectors.

3. Connecting and  disconnecting the application to the connector

> At the end of the guide, we should be able to connect and disconnect the application to a MetaMask injected connector.

Reviewer: the application -> "your dApp"?

Reviewer: MetaMask-injected connected.

Although earlier you refer to this as a browser-injected connector, so maybe just call it "MetaMask".

> For this guide, the following `web3-react` packages are used:

Reviewer: Should this be actionable?

    For this guide, you'll need to install the following `@web3-react` packages:

Author: It's part of the principle where you lay out dependencies - it's not actionable. I made it clear by adding a sentence following the dependencies.

> - [`@web3-react/core`](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@web3-react/core)

Reviewer: It's strange that the npm packages are called `@web3-react/*`, but you refer to them as web3-react and web3-react MetaMask package, etc. I think you should always call them by their package name to avoid confusion.

Author: Changed!

- [`@web3-react/types`](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@web3-react/types)
- [`@web3-react/metamask`](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@web3-react/metamask)

> The core code of this guide can be found in [Web3Provider](https://github.com/Uniswap/examples) and [Injected Connector](https://github.com/Uniswap/examples).

Reviewer: Can these be more direct links?

Author: For sure!

## Creating a `Web3ReactProvider`

> To be able to interact with the methods that `web3-react` offers, we first need to setup a `Web3ReactProvider` and wrap our application in it. `web3-react` uses [React Context](https://reactjs.org/docs/context.html) to allow us to use the exposed hooks without additional configuration. 

Reviewer: uses a [React Context]

To start, we create a React component called `Web3ContextProvider` in order to wrap the logic of configuring the `Web3ReactProvider`. In this component, we first import  `Web3ReactProvider` from the web3-react [core package](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@web3-react/core).

> The component receives just one parameter which is the children to which it will be providing the React Context:

Reviewer: refer to this as a prop to be more idiomatic to React:

    The component receives just one prop - the `children` which will be the Context's consumers:

```typescript reference title="Defining the Web3React component" referenceLinkText="View on Github" customStyling
https://github.com/Uniswap/examples/blob/81ec93e97b0afded621e177fe5f34fc9f98f80b0/web3-react/src/libs/components/Web3ContextProvider.tsx#L24
```

We then implement the component by rendering the imported `Web3ReactProvider`, and the children within that:

```typescript reference title="Implementing the component" referenceLinkText="View on Github" customStyling
https://github.com/Uniswap/examples/blob/81ec93e97b0afded621e177fe5f34fc9f98f80b0/web3-react/src/libs/components/Web3ContextProvider.tsx#L30-L34
```

> Note that we map our list of [`Connections`](https://github.com/Uniswap/examples/blob/856dbb002e7f38120554ef226f4309c96ce6ea79/web3-react/src/libs/connections.ts#L10) to a *tuple* of the `connector` and `hooks` of the connection. The third member of a `Connection` refers to the [type](https://github.com/Uniswap/examples/blob/06980acc8f6d484b719d2c60f5bfe9d766cb95d6/web3-react/src/libs/connections.ts#L16) of Connection being established, which we will later use to keep track of the actively connected wallet.

Reviewer: `Connection` should be in backticks

```typescript reference title="Wrapping our app with the web3 context" referenceLinkText="View on Github" customStyling
https://github.com/Uniswap/examples/blob/7ac3853bc465aecc428a32be584bbeb833b0a63c/web3-react/src/index.tsx#L16-L22
```

## Building an Injected Connector

The only parameter that we provided to the `Web3ReactProvider` component is a list of prioritized connectors, declared as `PRIORITIZED_CONNECTORS`. The prioritization ordering is with regards to which connector we want to be active when more than one connector is connected to our application. The list is defined inside our connectors module: 

```typescript reference title="Creating the prioritized Connectors list" referenceLinkText="View on Github" customStyling
https://github.com/Uniswap/examples/blob/8c0e36ca8d2ba4718af944094191f39da62a9c5c/web3-react/src/libs/connections.ts#L33-L39
```

Each one of those connectors lives within its own file, and they all follow a very similar setup pattern. 

> An example of a connector in the list is the `InjectedConnector`, which supports wallets that inject an *Ethereum Provider* into the browser window. The most popular example of an injected connector is the *MetaMask* browser extension. To set it up, we import the `initializeConnector` function from the web3-react [core]((https://www.npmjs.com/package/@web3-react/core)) package and the `MetaMask` type from the web3-react [Metamask]((https://www.npmjs.com/package/@web3-react/core)) package:

Reviewer: bad link - the latter should link to the metamask package

```typescript reference title="Importing Connector dependencies" referenceLinkText="View on Github" customStyling
https://github.com/Uniswap/examples/blob/856dbb002e7f38120554ef226f4309c96ce6ea79/web3-react/src/libs/injected.ts#L1-L2
```

We then utilize the templated `initializeConnector` function with a type of `MetaMask`:

```typescript reference title="Initializing the MetaMask connector" referenceLinkText="View on Github" customStyling
https://github.com/Uniswap/examples/blob/81ec93e97b0afded621e177fe5f34fc9f98f80b0/web3-react/src/libs/injected.ts#L7-L9
```

> By passing in `MetaMask` as the templated parameter, we define the function's required input parameters. In this case, the only parameter we need to pass is an instance of `Metamask`, which receives the `actions` and `onError` parameters. The initial parameter defines the actions that `web3-react` can execute on a local store it creates for the connector, while the latter parameter defines the connector's behavior when an error in encountered.

Reviewer: I think you should only refer to parameters ordinally: "first", "second", etc. Using "initial", "former", "latter" can be confusing.

Reviewer: "`web3-react` executes on its local store for the connector (this usually can be passed through without modification)"
"second parameter is a callback invoked when an error occurs"

> The return type of the function is a tuple of the initialized **connector** and the **hooks** that we can use on it. Using this tuple, we create an instance of a [`Connection`](https://github.com/Uniswap/examples/blob/856dbb002e7f38120554ef226f4309c96ce6ea79/web3-react/src/libs/connections.ts#L10) type, by setting the `type` attribute to `INJECTED`:

Reviewer: connector and hooks are types, so they should be capitalized and back-ticked

```typescript reference title="Creating a connection instance" referenceLinkText="View on Github" customStyling
https://github.com/Uniswap/examples/blob/856dbb002e7f38120554ef226f4309c96ce6ea79/web3-react/src/libs/injected.ts#L16-L20
```

> Finally, we return the instance we created, which is added to the list of prioritized connectors. 

Reviewer: "the instance of `Connection` that we have created"

:::info
For help on creating the rest of the supported connectors of this examples, please visit our [connectors](./connectors.md) page!
:::

## Connecting and  disconnecting the application to the connector

> Having built our Injected Connector, we can now build the component that gives our application the ability to communicate with that connector. The basic functionality we would like to support is **connecting** and **disconnecting**  the connector to our application. To achieve this, we create a reusable [Option component](https://github.com/Uniswap/examples/blob/main/web3-react/src/libs/components/Option.tsx) that supports rendering the UI and managing state for any connector that we want to support in our application:

Reviewer: "we can now use it in the `Context` that allows our application to use that `Connector`"

```typescript reference title="Creating the Option component" referenceLinkText="View on Github" customStyling
https://github.com/Uniswap/examples/blob/81ec93e97b0afded621e177fe5f34fc9f98f80b0/web3-react/src/libs/components/Option.tsx#L5-L11
```

> The component receives 5 parameters:

Reviewer: 5 named parameters

These are named, so you should refer to their names below when explaining them

- whether the connector is eligible for to be activated
- whether the connector is currently active 
- the `ConnectionType`
- the last 2 are hooks which are called once the component has established a connection or has been disconnected. 

In the case of *MetaMask*, when declaring the `InjectedConnector` we pass the connector specific arguments:

```typescript reference title="Creating an injected connector" referenceLinkText="View on Github" customStyling
https://github.com/Uniswap/examples/blob/81ec93e97b0afded621e177fe5f34fc9f98f80b0/web3-react/src/libs/components/ConnectionOptions.tsx#L26-L32
```

> It is worth noting that there are 2 ways for `isEnabled` to be `true`. Either the option is the currently active option, and so the `Option` is enabled so we can disconnect. The other case is when there is no `Option` active: 

Reviewer: I don't understand this.

Author: Doesn't really add much - better to omit

```typescript reference title="Condition for no option to be active" referenceLinkText="View on Github" customStyling
https://github.com/Uniswap/examples/blob/81ec93e97b0afded621e177fe5f34fc9f98f80b0/web3-react/src/libs/components/ConnectionOptions.tsx#L23
```

Then, in the `html` portion of the `Option`, we can figure out whether we want the current `Option`'s action button to be disabled, and whether clicking the button would result in the connector being connected or disconnected:

```typescript reference title="The component user interface" referenceLinkText="View on Github" customStyling
https://github.com/Uniswap/examples/blob/81ec93e97b0afded621e177fe5f34fc9f98f80b0/web3-react/src/libs/components/Option.tsx#L38-L42
```

> Finally, we also have enough information to figure out what action to take when the button is clicked. In the case that the click concerns a connection:

Reviewer: instead of "concerns", what about "triggers"?

```typescript reference title="On connecting to a Connector" referenceLinkText="View on Github" customStyling
https://github.com/Uniswap/examples/blob/8c0e36ca8d2ba4718af944094191f39da62a9c5c/web3-react/src/libs/components/Option.tsx#L38-L42
```

To connect our wallet, all we need to do is to call the `tryActivateConnector` function and pass it the injected connector. We then call the `onActivate` callback, which makes the injected connector the active connector in our application's state.

`tryActivateConnector` receives the connector that we want to activate, and attempts to call `activate` on it. If this succeeds, it returns the new `ConnectionType`:

```typescript reference title="The implementation of tryActivateConnector" referenceLinkText="View on Github" customStyling
https://github.com/Uniswap/examples/blob/8c0e36ca8d2ba4718af944094191f39da62a9c5c/web3-react/src/libs/connections.ts#L90-L92
```

> In the case that a click regards a disconnection:

Reviewer: instead of "regards", what about "triggers"?
